# TxtSummarizationTermsConditions

**Introduction:**
Have you ever clicked through the Terms and Conditions section of an app or program and gotten overwhelmed by the sheer amount of information it contained? You may have noticed that there was a lot of fine print. Luckily, the Terms and Conditions Text Summarizer is here to help. With the help of AI, this app is specifically designed for deciphering the context within the Terms and Conditions section. By training our AI on legal documents, our app aims to educate users on the meaning of the fine print text contained within the terms and conditions section. The goal of this application is to summarize the text and present it in an easy-to read format, while extracting all the key words and relevant information. That way, the next time you are asked to agree to the terms and conditions before signing up, you know what you’re signing up for. Not only does this make you more efficient when scanning the Terms and Conditions section, you can now easily decipher the main topics being presented within it. 
The inspiration behind this application is to make people aware of the agreements and contracts that they sign up for. Oftentimes, many people tend to glance at the terms and conditions without fully reading through it. This is primarily due to how lengthy the Terms and Conditions tend to be. What’s more, is that many companies also tend to update their Terms and Conditions periodically, making it difficult for people to keep up with the contracts. Nonetheless it is essential to understand what we’re signing up for. We utilize the power of AI and NLP to generate the Term and Condition summaries. 

**Usage:**
Currently this app is hosted on a Google Colab notebook. In order to run this application,open the file and run all the code within the notebook. At the end of the application, we have a very user-friendly interface. Click on the link to open it up in a new browser window. You can now interact with the app and use it to summarize for you. Copy and paste any text from the  “Terms and Conditions”  into the field listed as input. Then click the Submit button. This will begin generating the summary and will output it in the left text box entitled “Summary”
